[#37] Use Yostar session for MJS English server credentials (#38)
Longhorn-Riichi/InjusticeJudge: README.md

    ms_uid = "<your uid>"
    ms_token = "<your token>"

> Both your UID (not friend code!) and token can be found by capturing the quick-login request.
> To do this:
> 
> - Open up the Network tab in the developer tools of your browser and filter for requests containing `quick-login`
> - Visit Mahjong Soul with the Network tab open.
> - Once you see a request that says POST, click it.
> - Check the request field, which should contain your UID and token: `{"Head": {"UID":"<your uid>", "Token":"<your token>", ... }, ... }`

Author: I wrote the response structure originally in my issue, but something nagged me to double check it. It's incorrect. Additionally, `quick-login` seems to only be a thing when re-visiting MJS, though there's also `login` for the initial request which returns largely same data. They also seem to use different fields on the request than the response (`UID` vs `ID`)

In my testing, for both initial login and revisit login, there is still only one POST request when filtered by `login`. Thus:

```suggestion
Both your UID (not friend code!) and token can be found by capturing the `login` or `quick-login` request.
To do this:

- Open up the Network tab in the developer tools of your browser and filter for requests containing `login`
- Visit Mahjong Soul with the Network tab open.
- Once you see a request that says POST, click it.
- Check the response field, which should contain your UID and token: `{ "Data": { "UserInfo": { "ID":"<your uid>", "Token":"<your token>", ... }, ... }, ... }`
```
